+++
title = 'Privacy'
slug = 'privacy'
disableComments = true
hide = true
+++

## The security of your data
In the following we would like to inform you about our data protection declaration. Here you will find information about the collection and use of personal data when using our website. We observe the data protection laws applicable in Germany and the European Union. You can access this declaration at any time on our website. We expressly point out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) may have security gaps and cannot be completely protected against access by third parties. The use of the contact data in our imprint for commercial advertising is expressly undesired, unless we have given our prior written consent or a business relationship already exists. The provider and all persons named on this website hereby object to any commercial use and disclosure of their data.

## Personal data
You can visit our website without providing personal data. If personal data (such as name, address or e-mail address) is collected on our pages, this is done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. If a contractual relationship between you and us is to be established, the content of which is to be developed or changed, or if you make an enquiry to us, we will collect and use your personal data to the extent necessary for these purposes (inventory data). We collect, process and use personal data to the extent necessary to enable you to make use of our website (usage data). All personal data is only stored as long as it is necessary for the stated purpose (processing your enquiry or handling a contract). Storage periods under tax and commercial law are taken into account. By order of the responsible authorities, we may in individual cases provide information about this data (inventory data), insofar as this is necessary for the purposes of criminal prosecution, for averting danger, for fulfilling the legal tasks of the constitution protection authorities or the Military Counter-Intelligence Service or for enforcing intellectual property rights.

## Privacy policy for the use of Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, in the event that IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google.

## Right to information
You have the right to receive information free of charge at any time about your stored personal data, its origin and recipients and the purpose of data processing, as well as the right to correct, block or delete this data. For this purpose, as well as for further questions regarding personal data, you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.

## Cookies
The Internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit us. You can set your browser to inform you about the setting of cookies and to allow cookies only in individual cases, to exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If you deactivate cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.